README.md, before:

# Briefly

**Briefly** is a kewl project

---

## ✨ Features

- **AI-Powered Digest**  
  Multiple AI agents analyze your content style and sentiment to curate a personalized newsletter.

- **Your Voice, Amplified**  
  Briefly retains your unique tone, voice, and content rhythm, making the newsletter truly yours.

- **Zero Effort Publishing**  
  No writing or formatting required—just connect your socials (LinkedIn, X/Twitter, Instagram, TikTok) and get your newsletter.

- **Export Anywhere**  
  Download your newsletter in PDF, HTML, or Substack-ready formats with a single click.

- **Live Newsletter Preview**  
  Instantly see how your posts are transformed into a sleek newsletter.

- **Testimonials**  
  Hear from users who love how Briefly makes their content shine.

- **Sticky Call-to-Action**  
  Encourages users to try building their first newsletter for free—no credit card required.

---

## 🚀 How It Works

1. **Connect Your Socials**  
   Link your LinkedIn, X (Twitter), Instagram, and TikTok accounts.

2. **AI Analyzes Your Content**  
   Briefly's agents understand your tone, style, and key themes.

3. **Generate Your Newsletter**  
   Get a polished, professional newsletter ready to share.

---

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

- [Vite](https://vitejs.dev/) + [React](https://react.dev/) + [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
- [shadcn/ui](https://ui.shadcn.com/) (Radix UI primitives)
- [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/)
- [React Router](https://reactrouter.com/)
- [React Hook Form](https://react-hook-form.com/) + [Zod](https://zod.dev/) for validation
- [TanStack Query](https://tanstack.com/query/latest) for data fetching
- [Lucide React](https://lucide.dev/) for icons

---

## 🏁 Getting Started

1. **Install dependencies:**
   ```sh
   npm install
   ```

2. **Start the development server:**
   ```sh
   npm run dev
   ```

3. **Open your browser:**  
   Visit [http://localhost:5173](http://localhost:5173) (or the port shown in your terminal).

---

## 📄 License

Apache License 2.0. See the [LICENSE](./LICENSE) file for details.

---

## 🙌 Credits

Built by Rishabh Sai, Vrishn Viswa , Fateen Ajaz Naqash

---

> "Where scattered thoughts become structured stories."
> — Briefly

Commit message:

Update LinkedIn integration to use correct RapidAPI endpoint
- Updated LinkedIn function to use get-profile-posts endpoint with type=posts
- Added proper image/thumbnail handling for LinkedIn posts
- Updated NewsletterBuilder to display LinkedIn posts with images alongside summary
- LinkedIn posts now show with hover effects and platform badges
- API key remains secure in environment variables only

README.md, after:

# Briefly

**Briefly** is a kewl project

---

## ✨ Features

- **AI-Powered Digest**  
  Multiple AI agents analyze your content style and sentiment to curate a personalized newsletter.

- **Your Voice, Amplified**  
  Briefly retains your unique tone, voice, and content rhythm, making the newsletter truly yours.

- **Zero Effort Publishing**  
  No writing or formatting required—just connect your socials (LinkedIn, X/Twitter, Instagram, TikTok) and get your newsletter.

- **Export Anywhere**  
  Download your newsletter in PDF, HTML, or Substack-ready formats with a single click.

- **Live Newsletter Preview**  
  Instantly see how your posts are transformed into a sleek newsletter.

- **Testimonials**  
  Hear from users who love how Briefly makes their content shine.

- **Sticky Call-to-Action**  
  Encourages users to try building their first newsletter for free—no credit card required.

---

## 🚀 How It Works

1. **Connect Your Socials**  
   Link your LinkedIn, X (Twitter), Instagram, and TikTok accounts.

2. **AI Analyzes Your Content**  
   Briefly's agents understand your tone, style, and key themes.

3. **Generate Your Newsletter**  
   Get a polished, professional newsletter ready to share.

---

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

- [Vite](https://vitejs.dev/) + [React](https://react.dev/) + [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
- [shadcn/ui](https://ui.shadcn.com/) (Radix UI primitives)
- [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/)
- [React Router](https://reactrouter.com/)
- [React Hook Form](https://react-hook-form.com/) + [Zod](https://zod.dev/) for validation
- [TanStack Query](https://tanstack.com/query/latest) for data fetching
- [Lucide React](https://lucide.dev/) for icons

---

## 🏁 Getting Started

1. **Install dependencies:**
   ```sh
   npm install
   ```

2. **Set up environment variables:**
   Create a `.env` file in the root directory with the following variables:
   ```env
   # OpenAI API Key for newsletter generation
   OPENAI_API_KEY=your_openai_api_key_here
   
   # RapidAPI Key for LinkedIn integration
   RAPIDAPI_KEY=your_rapidapi_key_here
   ```

3. **Start the development server:**
   ```sh
   npm run dev
   ```

4. **Open your browser:**  
   Visit [http://localhost:5173](http://localhost:5173) (or the port shown in your terminal).

---

## 📄 License

Apache License 2.0. See the [LICENSE](./LICENSE) file for details.

---

## 🙌 Credits

Built by Rishabh Sai, Vrishn Viswa , Fateen Ajaz Naqash

---

> "Where scattered thoughts become structured stories."
> — Briefly
